You learned a lot about the Javascript syntax, the core Javascript features and how to write amazing
Javascript driven applications, both on the frontend
so in the browser, as well as with Node.js on the server side.
Now one topic we haven't really touched on thus far or haven't read talked too much about is security
and of course security matters. In this module,
I want to highlight what you should watch out for when writing Javascript code and some common pitfalls
or some important things you need to keep in mind
to ensure that your code is secure and you're not exposing security relevant data or anything like that
in your scripts and so on. Specifically, we'll have a look at potential security holes and things to watch
out for when writing Javascript code, I'll of course also let you know how you can protect your code
or which steps you can take to ensure your code is protected.
We'll have a look at some common attack patterns or security concepts like CORS which I already talked
about but which I will repeat here,
CSRF and most importantly XSS which stands for cross site scripting attacks and I'll also have
a look at npm packages or third-party libraries in general again because these as it turns out can also
lead to security issues.
So now let's not waste any time and
let's have a look at what you should be aware of and how you can secure your code.